Add Readme.md for Resources, Threading.Tasks, Threading.Channels, ComilerServices, Configuration and CodeDom assemblies (#77932)
dotnet/runtime: src/libraries/System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe/README.md

# System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe
Contains generic, low-level functionality for manipulating managed and unmanaged pointers.

Documentation can be found at https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.runtime.compilerservices.unsafe

## Contribution Bar
- [x] [We only consider fixes to maintain or improve quality](../../libraries/README.md#primary-bar)
- [x] [We consider PRs that target this library for new source code analyzers](../../libraries/README.md#secondary-bars)

## Deployment

> [System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe](https://www.nuget.org/packages/System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe) is a NuGet package that get's shipped along with every release of .NET.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe](https://www.nuget.org/packages/System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe) is included in the shared framework.  The package does not need to be installed into any project compatible with .NET Core or .NET; it only needs to be installed when targeting .NET Standard or .NET Framework, and it stopped being updated in .NET 7.
```

I am not 100% sure on the package's necessity in .NET versions prior to 6.
